OSDOCS-16999: (CQA) Installing on IBM Cloud - Part 1 (#112990)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-ibm-cloud-iam-policies-api-key.adoc

[id="installation-ibm-cloud-iam-policies-api-key_{context}"]
= {ibm-cloud-title} IAM Policies and API Key

[role="_abstract"]
To install {product-title} into your {ibm-cloud-name} account, the installation program requires an IAM API key, which provides authentication and authorization to access {ibm-cloud-name} service APIs. You can use an existing IAM API key that contains the required policies or create a new one.

> For an {ibm-cloud-name} IAM overview, see the {ibm-cloud-name} documentation.

Reviewer: I don't think there's exactly guidelines about this, but when removing links from modules, I think it's still helpful to keep the text in quotes to kind of hint to users to search for a link somewhere in this file, like so:

```suggestion
For an {ibm-cloud-name} IAM overview, see "{ibm-cloud-name} documentation".
```

But also, we're now missing the context of what specifically was being referenced within this documentation, IAM overview. Here's what this should actually look like:

```suggestion
For an {ibm-cloud-name} IAM overview, see "Getting started with {ibm-cloud-name} IAM".
```

Then, wherever you moved this link to, make sure that link text says "Getting started with {ibm-cloud-name} IAM ({ibm-cloud-name} documentation)".

Reviewer: Also, another issue is that this content shows up in the IBM Cloud Virtual Server section, another docs section entirely, so you would need to ensure that the link shows up in that assembly as well

[.small]
--
1. The policy access scope should be set based on how granular you want to assign access. The scope can be set to *All resources* or *Resources based on selected attributes*.

> 2. Optional: This access policy is only required if you want the installation program to create a resource group. For more information about resource groups, see the {ibm-cloud-name} documentation.

Reviewer: On a similar note as my previous comment, keep text that points to the specific heading in this link destination, and add the correct link + text in the AR section:

```suggestion
2. Optional: This access policy is only required if you want the installation program to create a resource group. For more information about resource groups, see "Managing resource groups".
```

In this case though, this is contained within a conditional so this content only appears in the regular IBM Cloud docs, so no need to worry about Cloud Virtual Server here.

[NOTE]
====

> The recommended method is to define IAM access policies in an access group. This helps organize all the access required for {product-title} and enables you to onboard users and service IDs to this group. You can also assign access to users and service IDs directly, if desired.

Reviewer: Similar comments about these links. In this case, you could add a sentence saying 'for more information, see "Streamlined access management with access groups" and "Managing access to resources"'.

And this shows up in Cloud Virtual Server as well
